Add warning for large number of routes (#27214)
vercel/next.js: errors/max-custom-routes-reached.md

# Max Custom Routes Reached

#### Why This Error Occurred

> The number of combined routes from `headers`, `redirects`, and `rewrites` exceeds 1024. This can impact the performance of requests since for each request all of these routes can potentially need to be checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of combined routes from `headers`, `redirects`, and `rewrites` exceeds 1024. This can impact performance because each request will iterate over all routes to check for a match in the worst case.
```
